Added embedded link to video tutorial (#27344)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/history_stats.markdown

</div>

### Video Tutorial

> This video tutorial explains how you can use history stats and how you can create a daily barchart graph to track occupance of a room or how long the lights in a room a on a daily basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This video tutorial explains how you can use history stats. It also shows how you can create a daily bar chart graph to visualize things such as occupancy, or how long the lights are on in a particular room.
```
Because I find short sentences easier to read, I took some liberties here. I also removed the *on a daily basis*, since daily is already mentioned in the daily bar chart. 
Let me know what you think.

Reviewer: Another question: Have you considered putting it right in front of the *Configuration* section?
I think it would make good eye candy there.

Author: Yes sure, no problem of course!
